# Optimal_AC_control

## Introduction

Air conditioning (AC) accounts for a large proportion of total electricity usage in buildings, which necessitates an efficient AC automatic control strategy. This study propose an optimization-based dynamic AC control systems that aims to not only retain human comfort level, but also save energy consumption. Specifically, we introduce a machine learning-based temperature prediction model to forecast the outside temperature in future horizon. Based on the predicted outside temperature, we formulate a linear programming to optimize the AC's strategies for a future period that integrates the physical thermal model to capture temperature changes over time. The objective function is a weighted summation of human discomfort levels and energy consumption. The decision variables are how many heat should the AC take out (cooling) or bring in (heating) during each time interval for each room. The final control strategies are implemented in a rolling horizon manner, where at the start of each time interval, we solve the model for future but only implement the actions of the current time step. The model is validated using two classrooms in Independent Schools Foundations (ISF), an international school in Hong Kong as the case study. Results show that the proposed methods can well control the temperature around the target. It outperforms typical on-off control methods with 57.7% less energy consumption and 44.2% less human discomfort levels in summer, and 62.1% less energy consumption and 5.01% less human discomfort levels in the winter. 

## Data

## Referrence